DataHeader
"There's so many folks here giving this spot one star who have less than 10 reviews or even note it's for another bank. It's odd. Anyway, I use this bank for CDs only. Friendly enough service though I've had to wait a while each time even later in the evening but it was nice the person stayed behind even past closing time as it took took long to deal with the prior person. Good CD rates though for banking. I prefer some others like TD but they get the job done for that one purpose."
"M&T bank is a low quality, outdated with technology, old fashion bank. their customer service is completely absent to assist the customer properly. their policies are so strict that forgets the etiquettes to properly serve their customers, I wish I could place -1000000000 as their ratings and I wish i had never done business with them. If you want to have a million to none service do business with them. I will never use them again. If you pay a loan off they will close all forms of communication with the customer and no assistance is provided after that. you will not be a valuable customer no more."
I had no choice but to go through this lender as I was attempting an FHA assumable loan that the original buyer had purchased through this mickey mouse outfit. Patrick Santora and his staff were highly inattentive throughout the process. It was difficult to get him on the phone and he acted like I was wasting his time when I did speak to him. After 45 days of not being able to even obtain a pre qual (yes you read that right) the sellers and I agreed to mutually cancel the contract and move on. Then I get a letter the next week claiming I was denied credit due to a collection that was illegitimate and literally had already fallen off my credit report during this length process due to how old it was. This is after we submitted paperwork stating the deal was canceled and I have an 814 FICO. I can't think of a worse lending experience. Please use anybody else in this time when mortgage originators need your business more than ever.
"I wish they have choice minus nonstar at all. This bank made more then 60.000$ from me interes and all BS they are talking about .. This is my experience i can not find executive director email adress i have flood in December 18 2023 I got payed from FEMA and even today after 3 time send inspection they keep my money telling me you need to put drywall... where??? I keep calling everyday 2 hr i am in phone same thing no problem resolve .. please please please this bank is scam u do your self a favor stay away from from this bank do not get anything with this bank. They are big mafia.  Visiting branches is equally futile, as employees seem clueless about resolving issues. M&T Bank is essentially holding my funds hostage with no legitimate reason or resolution."
"M & T bank must actually train their staffs to deliver a poor customer experience. Their entire culture seems infected with an apathetic, almost antagonistic streak which makes customer feel like it is in fact..intended. My mortgage was set up for monthly auto-pay as most customers do. My electronic payment went thru approximately the same time every month. M& T takes one month in 2023 and applies my payment to my principal only, without notifying me. They claim it arrived 'early' by one day. This 'skipped' payment now makes my next payments 'late' instead of early, and fees accrue. They send me monthly notices that my payment posted, but never tell me it was late or that penalties are accruing . What a scam.!?? When i finally figure it out, send in an appeal, get a lame excuse letter, resubmit an appeal by phone, am told they will do something within 45 days, please wait. I call to inquire and am told by my now 3rd banker that they are not going to adjust any of my now 750$ accrued fees because the 'back room' rejected my appeal. Who may I ask is in this back room and why is it policy to charge late fees for early payment? M & T has made my customer experience an absolute horror show, and it feels like they use this process to accrue fees only because they CAN. If I had a choice I would never bank with them, clearly they need a new leader to rehab their customer service. Awful!!"
"""Relationship-driven banking."" They allowed a paper check of ours to be forged and cashed and washed four times. They took four months to return some of the money to us, still not completely reimbursed eight months later. All along this nightmare, the bank representatives NEVER NOT ONCE communicated anything to us, nothing. Just one day suddenly there would be a partial refund of the stolen money in our account. Then the next month another partial refund. Still not completely refunded. They encouraged us to enroll in a bank fraud program in their online banking platform, trying to charge us $400 for enrolling. No one told us of this charge. So done with these people."
I want Jose. You should NEVER had raised your voice to my wife. Your customer service skills need some serious improvements. And what the heck? I have to give at least one star?!?!?!
I'm so furious with this f***ing bank I made it a mission to leave a negative review. My mortgage loan switched over to this bank. All I wanted to do was check my billing statement online this weekend to facilitate a home improvement lon application and I can't do that. Apparently I don't remember my user name but both the site and the automated customer service over the phone don't allow me to retrieve that info. I have to wait and call them during business hours Monday-Friday Eastern time not PCT where I am at. I wanted to do this during the weekend when I could remember because business hours are when I'm at my most busiest. Absolutely nonsensically inconvenient. I've tried every way imaginable to retrieve the info I needed EVEN calling them during business hours! The person who helped me was supposed to send me an email with the info. I NEVER GOT IT.
"They closed my account not a notice email nothing ,they enjoyed takeing hundreds of fees from me,u are rats clifton park branch"
"My equity line of credit was transferred to M+T bank. They changed my account information and DIDN'T notify me. Also, it would not let me access my cash without any explanation as to why. I have had nothing but grief from them. Consumer beware."
Biggest joke of a company I've ever seen can never get online always down. Can't get ahold of anyone ever I hate them at this point
They are the worst. From customer service to the branch. Nasty as heck. They will not give me my money back. I'm pursuing a law suit and contacting the fdic and the banking commission
"It's not so much the bank itself but it's the Mortgage Company. They're rude, they suck. I didn't ask them to be my mortgage company."
"it is by far the worst bank that I have ever had to deal with in my life. If I could rate it zero I would. Every time you call, the representative contradicts the information provided by the representatives you speak to. You will never see a customer service team that is as incompetent and untrained as the people from M&T Bank. It's mind-blowing how useless this people are."
"This review is for their entire system. Wish I had been counting how many times their computer transferred me in order to ensure I didn't actually talk with anyone. After having the computer hang up on me 2/3 times....trying numerous ways to get past the computer to TALK with a human, finally was on hold for almost 10 minutes. He was some what sympathetic to me....and offered many times to put me BACK into the automated system. Finally reached a woman who swore she was unable to help me in way way. Customer service? OH YEA had to search several web pages just to find an actual number for it. Unless you have ample money to be a 'vip' avoid this...""bank?"""
"People incompetent untrained, and give incorrect information (literally stating that I was assess penalties and interest by my real estate tax jurisdictions, due to their errors, and then saying that the person who said this was wrong...how can that be possible!?!?!). Literally steal your money (take it from your autopay account in amounts not due, when they make real estate tax escrow calculation and input errors - which they readily admit). Systems and records are inaccurate and make repeated mistakes. Refuse to correct their own errors. Make repeated promises of all kinds and never follow through. Do not call you back despite saying they will. Say the will send you emails and letters to confirm things, but never do. The regulators should put them out of business."
"When I had a fraudulent charge on my debit card I disputed the charge & asked for a new card. A merchant asked for a letter stating that the old card was not valid so they cd issue a refund to another card or account. Customer service told me they could not write a letter, but after being put on hold said that the local branch wd send the letter I asked for. After a month of not being allowed to speak to anyone at the branch who knew about my letter I went in person & was told they had never been contacted at all. Never got letter or refund & closed account. a dishonest bank that says "" F you"" to customers"
"I have been happy with this bank in the past but today was very disappointed that I got there well before 3pm and was told I could not make an international wire transfer because it was 3pm! It was not 3pm, but there was only one bank officer working and she had a line of people waiting for service. She was short, rude and unhelpful."
"This bank is THE WORST I have ever dealt with. I have been waiting on an overpayment refund check for weeks. I have reached out to them several times a week to get information on where my money is. I was assured the check had been mailed out on the date given to the PO Box provided, but I advised I still had not received it. Today I contacted them again and was told that the check was mailed to a physical address and not the address that I provided, not once, not twice, but every time I called. So now I asked that they overnight the check to me as I will be traveling for the next several months. I was told that I could have it overnighted but that I would have to provide a credit card and pay the fee for it. When I told M&T Bank that it was their mistake and if they had mailed it where I had stated, I would have it by now. I was told, ""Tough, too bad, we are not paying for it. The check will go out in regular snail mail to the PO Box."" WOW! They have caused me all these issues and now can't even step up to the plate to make a customer happy. Some customer service they have!"
lied to me on a cd and at maturity stole a grand from me I would say it's not the people that work there but if they can't tell you the truth it is !!!! Don't by any cds there they suck !!!!
"I was transferred to M&T Bank for servicing my mortgage a few years back. Two weeks ago I refinanced with a new loan servicer and M&T in response ""closed"" my old account. Now this does not mean they just showed a zero balance. They removed my account from ANY online access. then a few days later they terminated my login. As if I had never done business with them before. The 800-724-2224 number I was given when I tried to contact regular support feeds to a robot with no means to get a human. I have had a dozen mortgages over my life and have deal with poor service organizations but M&T has achieved the worst score in my book. I cannot go print old statements. I cannot see the balances of funds before the transfer. The only way I was able to know the loan got transferred was I was not longer able to see it. I will NEVER do business with them again. EVER."
I have my mortgage through this bank. They as a third party payer failed to pay insurance and now are faulting me for it. Conversations have continuously ended with disconnection on multiple occasions. There customer service is horrendous. It has been 5 months and the situation still has not been resolved and it is costing me more money every month. Do not recommend this bank for any loan situation
There is nothing community driven about this bank. My birthday present was delivered here by mistake. My boyfriend went to pick up the package. The three women he spoke with would not give him the package even though his name was on the package and he had his CA ID which does not have my NY address on it. They said we will hold onto it and your girlfriend needs to come with her ID to pick it up. At 2pm after my calls I go to pick up the package to find out they gave the package back to UPS. They couldn't wait just 3 hours -- they gave back my present that they said they would hold onto and then gave me attitude about it. Choose another bank -- there is nothing community driven about this place or the people they have working at this place. They are miserable people who seem to enjoy making other people feel as miserable as they are. To the three ladies there I hope your birthdays are just as inconvenienced as mine has been
"This bank is a joke STAY AWAY!!!! Worst customer service ever. YVONE COLEY ignorant, rude person with lack of knowledge. Do not even deal with her. By her negligence (or fraud intensions!!!) we got into a serious problem with a business loan."
If I could give them zero stars I would rude ignorant uneducated and no one is on the same page. Call to make changes to the account and ask questions no problem the next day I called to see if the payment has been posted and you won't help me. Lied to me kept me on hold for a half an hour saying that she would get a supervisor but she never did. Can't wait till this loan is paid off and I never have to deal with you again!!
"This is the worst bank I have ever dealt with in 65 years of banking. Their internal security procedures have holes you can drive a truck through. for example, they allowed someone who had hacked my account to establish a Zelle account ( I hadn't previously) and was creating numerous transactions that sent money to the crook's Zelle account in Texas. They rejected initial attempts for small amounts to the crook's phone number but then started to allow larger amounts through. Eventually (ten days after the first attempt) they called me to ask if another large amount was OK and I obviously said I don't use Zelle. To their credit and because it was fraud versus a scam, they reversed the transactions. I had to go to a branch to get all new accounts which I understand. Amazingly though they failed to remove the crook's Texas phone number from my profile and it was associated with my new accounts as well! Many other less dramatic examples too such as closing my ATM card before I received it after I properly authenticated my wife's card. Again, they apologized and said I would have to go to a branch to get a new card. I also bank with TD Bank and Ally and have never had a problem with either. Avoid if you can."
"This organization has the worst culture, poor security and absolutely no customer service after the sale. We had a massive commercial account with them which they then exposed the account number to the unsecured internet. I asked them to close and open a new account and replace my checks, which they did... but I have learned now - months later - that they refused to cover the cost of $114 for the checks and yesterday the VP even lied to me saying that I had placed the check order - it's just a nit, but you know when they start lying that they are desperate and that's not a characteristic I value in a banker, or partner of any kind. In the last week I have been reading reviews on virtually every site and the Better Business Bureau and see now that I should never have opened an account with them. Went on a referral from a friend and should have done more due diligence. It's not about the $114, it's about ethics, character, integrity, and ease of doing business... this transaction has been more hassle than necessary."
"Terrible bank, too bad we have been stuck with them for 30 years! Finally time to move on. We are done being screwed over by this bank. Horrible customer service"
"Very unsatisfactory experience with the Clarksville, MD branch of M&T Bank. I used M&T for a business checking account, including online bill payments. M&T recently made an error, paying the same bill twice to the same vendor on the same day. I sadly believed that since the error was on the part of M&T, that they would reverse the charge or credit my account. Nope. Their solution was for me to contact the vendor and ask for them to issue a refund. Not my problem. I met with the Branch Manager, who could offer no other solution. I gave him the opportunity to either issue a credit for the amount, or process a cashiers check for the balance as I closed the account. His 'broken record' response was for me to get the money from the vendor. My solution: I closed out the account today and will open a new one with PNC tomorrow. I think they must have a better idea of customer service. M&T Bank has no idea. There are four other major banks within eyesight of this branch. Too many options to stay with someone who doesn't care about customers."
"Barbara at the branch in Orange NJ called me one day out of the blue, tried to befriend me to get information out of me about transactions that were being wired into my business account. I was rebuilding my house and my investor wired $5k increments to me numerous times. During my conversion with her I told her that I was thrown off by her questions, especially since I am a licensed, insured and bonded general contractor, was working to rebuild my personal home that had a fire. I explained in addition, that the wires came from an investor paid to me so that I could finish my home. The insurance co would not release the final check until the house was 100% complete so I had to bring on an investor. She then asked me about another investment deposit made by physical check. I told her that that person also banked with M&T and that we even got the investment document notarized at another M&T branch in NY by one of their very own personal bankers named Christine. My investor also had an account with M&T and his mortgage was with them as well. The check she asked me about was absolutely drawn off of an M&T bank account. Barbara clearly had not done her research AT ALL!!!!!! By this time I was highly annoyed and offended. Here is Barbara calling me about transactions going into my business account, not personal but BUSINESS. After explaining, I then asked her why was she calling me with these questions as if I was doing illegal business. I then asked her was her assumptions and questions legal to ask. She kept going on about the fact that she needed more information. She never asked me for documents, contracts etc at any point during our conversation. Therefore, my word is my bond. I end the call out of frustration. I enter into Barbara's branch about 2 months later. I approach the window in the lobby. The teller gets Barbara's attention because I asked to withdraw $5k. Barbara's response was, ""I remember you"", with a smirk. She then proceeds to tell me that she needed more information. I told her that I gave her all the information she needed. I answered all her questions so what else is there to know. I reminded her that I had a house fire and had an investor and that was that. In that very moment, Barbara thought it was a good idea to deny me access to my money and told me she was closing my account. This was pride, ego, abuse of power and an overreach. There is nothing illegal about me, my business or the fact that my house caught fire. I then screamed at her and asked how could she deny me my money. It was the slight grin for me in which I knew at that moment she was abusing her power and wanted to insert control. In anger, I told her that I would see her outside. I then go to the Brooklyn NY branch. I sat down with a banker and immediately after reviewing my account the rep said, ""It's a no brainer you are handling construction of some sort, look at your purchases. You shop at Home Depot and Lowes a lot. All she had to do was just look at your transaction history for more details."" I could not agree more (I was given my $5k from this branch with no issues at all). I then received a letter that M&T was closing my account on 12/15/22. Again, Barbara made good on her threat. If this does not spell law suit, I don't know what does!!"
"I was a Peoples Bank customer for years, then they became Peoples United. Now M & T Bank has taken them over. This bank is awful. The first two weeks in September 2022, you could not get through while waiting over an hour for a person. After two weeks you could get someone, but they'd transfer you & you'd get disconnected. Now after two months they still haven't gotten it together. Something as simple as transferring money to another person both having an M & T account & it's complicated. They use Zelle. Zelle took many calls to get set up. Then, upon attempting to make a transfer you get a message that someone attempted to do something fraudulent. Instead of simply asking if you meant to make this transaction, you now have to call & spend hours rectifying the problem. Then again, same person, same transaction the following month, fraudulent activity."
Zero customer service / insane auto phone self help / truly unbelievably bad. If you can ever get a person on the phone to discuss a refi (or anything) you will have won the lottery to getting a customer service person that knows nothing
I give them a 1 only because there is no option for zero ... we had a car loan thru this bank and I only wished I had read all these reviews before we chose this bank !! We pains it off early because they were so horrible. they abso have the rudest customer service I have ever dealt with. PLEASE LEARN FROM MY MISTAKE AND DO NOT DO ANY BUSINESS WITH THIS BANK ... I could go on for days about all the issues we had with this loan !!
Great bank with great service.I have had a issue with my accounts and got to the bank whiten 5 minutes done. Really quick no long lines. And great account options
"I constantly try to get in touch with someone there to get into my online account. Since all I have is a loan, not a checking account, I don't have the information required to get thru their authentication...the website is horrible, on hold for hours at a time trying to get thru...and to be blunt, I'm sick of hearing ""our representatives are still assisting other callers"", either there isn't anyone actually answering the phones, or there are thousands of people pissed off with their stupid website like me!"
Awful bank i was giving these people through my RV dealer i bought a 2022 camper paid 4 payments on time and then decided to pay off loan my pay off is only $8 less than the original loan amount. This is after making 4 months of payments how the hell is this even possible. My first 4 payments included extra principal payments that they try to apply to interest first i will never deal with these people again and this was at a 9% interest rate.
"Customer service is out of this world bad. Truly terrible. I can't remember the last time I've been put on hold for less than 40 minutes to an hour plus. I actually don't think that's ever happened. It doesn't seem to matter what time of day you call. I've tried multiple times to create an online account to make my payments, but each time without fail, I enter all my personal info only to get a screen that says my account cannot be created at this time/please call customer service. I'm actually on hold currently, going on minute 43. All I want to do is make my payment... though I'm not entirely convinced they want my money."
M&t Bank is the worst mortgage company I've ever dealt with we got behind on our mortgage I have talked to multiple mortgage relief representatives they have fear-mongered me and told me they sent out a pre-foreclosure letter which never got sent I've been trying to pay for this they are being difficult and they are trying to scare me I actually tried to talk to a nice woman who helped me with the mortgage relief that never got sent because of a mailing address issue now my wife went to go pay what we owed and there and their system is down and I had till today which is this Friday the day that I'm writing is and he said no one has actually sent out any pre-foreclosure notice so they have been fearing me mongering me lying to me I want them to know that I am a veteran of foreign wars and I've been treated like s*** I've talked to you six I think customer representatives none of which that company has ever called me wondering when I'm going to make a payment I had to reach out to them and each time it's a different story no consistency I would run from them and find a different bank because they are no good in my opinion And if they want to call me and tell me why I should change my review which I won't My number is 425-737-7409 and they never called it ever
"This bank refused to pay our insurance out of our escrow and then they forced insurance on us through their bank because our policy was cancelled. Now we struggling to find insurance while the bank is holding our $4,000 in escrows funds! Do not do a mortgage with this company."
"After searching online for a Business bank account. I decided to come in to receive some information. I'm in the process of starting a nonprofit mobile salon business. The way that the Senior Branch Manager. Yvonne Coley she racial profiled me , and also told me I couldn't back with M&T Bank because I didn't live in the neighborhood. She also asked inappropriate questions that had nothing to do with me wanting information on bringing my business to you guys."
"My wife and I bought a car thru M&T in 2011 while overseas working for the Government. Fast forward to 2018, No missed payments and they say we owe $2860 in late fees. The loan is paid in full but they are reporting to the Credit Companies that we are still in arrears. They will give us no options to rectify other than, FU Pay us. Stay away from this company if you have other options."
"The worst bank to bank with, the worst customer service, impersonal interaction for such a personal transactions (storing your money), no way to complain on branches or their management, horrible banking experience! I Do don't recommend you bank with M&T because fast food restaurants have better customer service."
